Improving the last three release notes (#135)
replicatedhq/kots.io: content/release-notes/1.13.5.md

kubernetes: "1.15, 1.16, and 1.17"
---

{{<fixes>}}

> * Preflight outcomes generated using regex analyzers with less-than (`<`), less-than-or-equal (`<=`), or greater-than-or-equal (`>=`) conditions were almost always incorrect. Fixed by ensuring the operators strings correspond to the correct comparison operator. 

Reviewer: `almost always incorrect` feels a little unclear, how about this:
 
```suggestion
* Preflight outcomes generated using regex analyzers with less-than (`<`), less-than-or-equal (`<=`), or greater-than-or-equal (`>=`) conditions were evaluated in reverse. Fixed by ensuring the operators strings correspond to the correct comparison operator. 
```

Author: Yeah, that's better
